Come on, stop pretending, I don't know who you are yet
Seriously.
I'm going on this trip too
What are you going to do?
If you leave, who will see this mistress?
Again
Are you willing to let the second aunt take care of the second uncle alone?
But nothing but you
You are not allowed to go either
A girl's family
If there is any danger on the way
Should I protect myself or protect you?
I don't need your insurance
Nice to say, I really thought I was Barbie
Hey, good swordsmanship brother, don't be cowardly, get out
Well, don't be upset.
Someone has to watch the house, okay okay
Then be careful on your way
Go early and come back early, don't worry.
Is there a sister-in-law?
It's gonna be okay.
Gone
big brother
You are away this time
You must stay away from that woman
Why is that?
I always feel that he is not a good person
Oh, by the way, big brother has something for you to do.
What's up
Don't worry.
Ask the big brother to do what he says, okay?